.058 emirP a edisni deppart m'I !pleH
.768 PH a edisni deppart m'I !pleH
.PM 096 NUS a edisni deppart m'I !pleH
1 bull, 3 cows.
100,000 lemmings can't be wrong.
1984 is here, little brother is adolescent.
42!
A Scottish gift: It's nae use to me, ye're welcome to it.
A bachelor can only chase a girl until she catches him.
A bachelor is a man who comes to work from a different direction each morning.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A boss with no humour is like a job that's no fun.
A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.
A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.
A clash of doctrine is not a disaster; it is an opportunity.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours.
A committee: when all is said and done, 90% is said, and 10% is done.
A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.
A dirty book is seldom dusty.
A gift of flowers will soon be made to you.
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A hammer sometimes misses its mark; a bouquet, never.
A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.
A hard man is good to find. -- Mae West
A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.
A highbrow is a person educated beyond his intelligence.
A hospital is no place to be sick. -- Samuel Goldwyn
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance from Mom.
A kid will eat the middle of an Oreo, eventually.
A king's castle is his home.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
A long dispute means that both parties are wrong.
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A man without a woman is like a fish without gills.
A man's mother is his misfortune, his wife is his fault.
A miss is as good as a Mr.
A penny saved has not been spent.
A penny saved is not much.
A perpetual holiday is a good working definition of hell.
A person forgives only when he is in the wrong.
A person paints with his brains and not with his hands.
A person's character is but half formed till after wedlock.
A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.  -- George Wald
A piece of wire cut to length will be too short.
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
A politician is a man who stands for what he thinks the voters will fall for.
A poor excuse is better than no excuse at all.
A program cannot be tested completely but it can be inspected completely. Fagan
A rumour without a leg to stand on will get around some other way.
A soft drink turneth away company.
A stitch in time saves embarrassment.
A true gentleman is a man who knows how to play the bagpipes, but doesn't.
A truly wise person never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on. -- Samuel Goldwyn
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.  -- Ziggy
A woman is like a piano.  If she's not upright she's grand.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
A yawn is a silent shout.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Absolute zero is cool.
Absolute zero is cool.
Absolutum obsoletum.  (If it works, it's out of date.)  -- Stafford Beer
Abstinence is the thin end of the pledge.
Abstinence makes the heart grow fonder.
Academy:  A modern school where football is taught.
Actors will happen in the best-regulated families.
Ad astra per aspera.  (To the stars by aspiration.)
Adam met Eve and turned over a new leaf.
Adde parvum parvo magnus acervus erit.  (Add little to little, get big pile.)
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.  -- Brook
Admiration:  Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
Age is a high price to pay for maturity.
Alcoholic: someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do. -- Dylan Thomas
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
All GODS children need CLOUT!!.
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
All human acts involve more chance than decision.
All in all it's just another brick in the wall...
All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities. -Dawkins
All new:  Parts not interchangeable with previous model.
All obstacles not foreseen will be tripped over.
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
All sunshine makes the desert.
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
All the big women die young. Thats why we're left with little old ladies.
All the good ones are taken.  -- Harris
All the simple programs have been written.
All this beer drinking will be the urination of me.
All's well that ends.
Always look for the calculations that go with a calculated risk.
Always mistrust a subordinate who never finds fault with his superior. J Collins
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
America's best buy for a nickel is a telephone call to the right person.
Amnesia rules, O...
Amoebit:  Amoeba/rabbit cross; it can multiply and divide at the same time.
Among economists, the real world is often a special case. -- Horngren
An adult is one who has ceased to grow vertically but not horizontally.
An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his doctor does.
An elephant is only a mouse built to council specifications.
An honest answer can get you into a lot of trouble.
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
An oak tree is just a nut that held its ground.
An oak tree is just a nut that held its ground. - Fred Shero
An optimist is a person who has never had very much experience.
An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.
An unbreakable toy is good for breaking other toys.
Anarchy, no rules, OK?
And now is the summer of our discotheque.
And that's the way it is...  -- Walter Cronkite
Anger is never without reason, but seldom with a good one.
Anger kills as surely as the other vices.
Anger kills.
Any fool can criticize, and many of them do.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Any given program will expand to fill available memory.
Any given program will expand to fit all available memory.
Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
Any program which runs right is obsolete.
Any smoothly functioning technology is indistinguishable from a 'rigged' demo.
Any smoothly functioning technology will have the appearance of magic. -- Clarke
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anybody who hates children and dogs can't be all bad. -- W.C. Fields
Anyone can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined. -- Sam Goldwyn
Anyone who now thinks that the sky is the limit no longer has any imagination.
Apathy: never mind over don't matter.
Archimedes had no principles.
Around here, if you're not making money you must be saving it.
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.  -- Weisert
As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
As long as you can still be disappointed you are still young.
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, if God won't have you, the devil must.
At least in the city you can see the air you breathe.
Auribus teneo lupum.  (I hold a wolf by the ears.)
Avoid GOTOs completely if you can keep the program readable.
Avoid bearded red heads this week.
Avoid temporary variables and strange women.
Avoid the Fortran arithmetic IF (or better yet, just avoid Fortran).
Avoid unnecessary branches.
Awkward Age: the period lasting from birth until death.
BUFFER EMPTY (EFS)
Babies speak in many languages before they find one that grown-ups understand.
Back in a minute - Godot.
Bad luck.
Bah! Humbug.
Baldric, your breath comes straight from Satan's bottom. -- Black Adder
Bar stools are what Davey Crockett stood in.
Be alert.  Your country needs lerts.
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
Be nice to me today otherwise six men will be carrying you out by the handles.
Be security conscious.  80% of people are caused by accidents.
Beam me up Scotty; This planet sucks.
Before borrowing from a friend decide which you need most.
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
Before honour is humility.
Before you meet your handsome prince you have to kiss a lot of toads.
Behavioural psychology is the science of pulling habits out of rats -- Dr Busch
Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.
Behind every wealthy man is a woman with absolutely nothing to wear.
Being right is seldom enough.  Even the best ideas must be packaged and sold.
Bereft: missing the last plane to Japan.
Better a witty fool than a foolish wit -- Shakespeare
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of a tall dark man with a spoon up his nose.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Beware of half-truths - you may have the wrong half.
Big Brother is watching you.  -- George Orwell
Birds : creatures that pick up worms.
Blessed are they that run around in circles, for they shall be known as wheels.
Bo Peep did it for the insurance.
Boom Shanker!
Boys will be boisterous.
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
Bread is the staff of life but the life of our staff is one big loaf.
Brevity is not the soul of politicians.
Briefcase: a trial where the jury gets together and forms a lynching party.
Bring back the Sixties.
Build a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.
Bureaucracy is like a sewerage treatment plant. The big turds rise quickest.
Bureaucracy rules OK OK OK
Bureaucracy rules, OK, OK, OK?
Business will be either better or worse.  -- Calvin Coolidge
Buy old masters.  They fetch a better price than old mistresses.
By failing to plan, you are planning to fail.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Can anyone remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce?
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished?  Yes, work never begun.
Castles in the air cost a great deal to keep up.
Caution, keyboard handling error detected.
Celibacy is not hereditary.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Charity:  A thing that begins at home and usually stays there.
Chastity is its own punishment.
Chastity:  The most unnatural of the sexual perversions.  -- Aldous Huxley
Cheer up, the worst is yet to come.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Chinese saying: 'He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks.'
Choose variable names that won't be confused.
Classical music is the kind that you keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Colourless green ideas sleep furiously.
Come home, Oedipus, all is forgiven. Mum. Over my dead body. Dad.
Computers have made it possible to make a thousand mistakes every second.
Computers never do what you want them to do, only what you tell them.
Computers talk to each other worse than their designers do.
Condense soup, not books.
Consensus rules - if that's OK with you.
Conservative:  One who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
Consideration Rules, if that's OK?
Constant reorganization is the hallmark of a dynamic organization.
Constipation is the thief of time.  Diarrhoea waits for no man.
Consultant:  Someone who knows 101 ways to make love, but can't get a date.
Contemplating suicide?  Drink French polish. Horrible death, beautiful finish.
Continental Life.  Why do you ask?
Courage is grace under pressure.  -- Ernest Hemingway
Courage is your greatest present need.
Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!!!
Creditors have much better memories than debtors.
Critics are often people who speak out with the full confidence of ignorance.
Cry 'Havoc!' and let slip the dogs of war!!
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
DON'T PANIC!!
Daub yourself with honey and you'll be covered with flies.
Dead people are cool.
Death is hereditary.
Death is just nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Death! The ultimate thing to look forward to in life.
Death:  To stop sinning suddenly.
December 25 is a northern hemisphere pagan observance of the winter solstice.
Definition of an argument: Two people trying to get the last word in first.
Democracy is too good to share with just anybody.
Democracy rules 40% OK, 45% NO, 15% Don't know.
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
Descartes thought he was here.
Descartes thought he was here.
Design a system any fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it.
Did you book ahead? ... you should have booked a body too!  -- Groucho Marx
Did you hear about the Irish veterinarian? He tried to separate the Siamese cat.
Dieting is when the days seem longer and the meals shorter.
Dignity is like a hat. Neither is much use when you're standing on it.
Diplomat: an unwise thing to call Knuckles Lomat.
Disc space, the final frontier!
Do not adjust your mind, there is a fault in reality.
Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
Do not overtax your powers.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Do you have trouble making up your mind? Well, yes and no.
Do, or do not; there is no try.
Dogmatism is puppyism come to its full growth.
Don't Worry, Be Happy.  -- Meher Baba
Don't be the first to use it: pioneers live in mud huts.
Don't believe in superstition - it brings bad luck.
Don't comment bad code; rewrite it.
Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.
Don't confuse me with the facts - my mind is made up.
Don't confuse things that need action with those that take care of themselves.
Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.
Don't diddle code to make it faster; find a better algorithm.
Don't eat the yellow snow.
Don't ever stand up to be counted or someone will take your seat.
Don't force it, use a bigger hammer.
Don't get stuck in a closet; wear yourself out.
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
Don't kid yourself.  Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.
Don't let the computer bugs bite!
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder. -- Spock
Don't mark the spot where you bury the hatchet.
Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that.
Don't patch bad code; rewrite it.
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Don't stop at one bug.
Don't take up stamp collecting because philately will get you nowhere!
Don't vote.  You'll only encourage them.
Don't you want to talk about this Dave? -- HAL 9000
Donald Duck isn't all he's quacked up to be.
Dow shalt not kill.
Down with gravity.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Drink wet cement and get really stoned.
Drink wet cement: Get Stoned.
Ducks?  What ducks??
Dyslexia lures, KO
Dyslexia rules, KO?
Dyslexia slurs, OK?
Dyspepsia is the remorse of a guilty stomach.
EMACS: Eight Megabytes And Constantly Swapping
Earth Destroyed by Solar Flare, film at eleven.
Education helps earning capacity.  Ask any college professor.
Eeny, Meeny, Jelly Beanie, the spirits are about to speak...
Egotism is the anaesthetic that dulls the pain of stupidity.
Einstein rules relatively, OK? Well, in theory anyway.
Ejukashun never dun me no good.
Elizabeth Rules, ER?
Emmanuel Kant but Genghis Khan.
Eskimos: God's frozen people.
Euclid was a square.
Eunuchs unite - you have nothing to lose.
Even a cabbage may look at a king.
Even a dead fish will float to the top.
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
Even bargains cost money.
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
Every bug you find is the last one.
Every program is either trivial or it contains at least one bug.
Every purchase has its price.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness. -- Beckett
Everybody has something to conceal.  -- Humphrey Bogart
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!
Everybody ought to have a friend.
Everybody thinks himself well-bred.
Everyone is enthusiastic about your work.
Everyone is in the best seat.  -- John Cage
Everyone makes mistakes.  The trick is to make them when nobody is looking.
Everyone needs belief in something.  I believe I'll have another beer.
Everything       expands       to      fill      the      available      space.
Everything changes but change itself.   -- John F. Kennedy
Everything west of Alice Springs will eventually plunge into the Indian Ocean.
Everything you know is wrong!
Examine what is said, not him who speaks.
Examples rule e.g.
Exceptions prove the rule, and wreck the budget.  -- Miller
Existentialism has no future.
Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Experience:  Something you don't get until just after you need it.  -- Olivier
Experience: a comb life gives you after you lose your hair.
FORTRAN is for pipe-stress freaks and crystallography weenies.
FORTRAN,COBOL,C,PL1,ALGOL- These are all a terrible way to think about programs.
FREE CHILE! (with every taco)
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Familiarity breeds children.
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
Feudalism : it's your count that votes.
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder.
Fidelity:  A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Fight for the right to pretend to work.
Finagle's Law:  The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.
Fish and visitors smell in three days.
Flee at once, all is discovered.
Flower Power rules, bouquet.
Foolproof operation:  No provision for adjustment.
Fools rush in where fools have been before.
Foot: a politician's pacifier.
For a good time call: 0011 1 212 9763737.
For a good time, call 6060-842.
For every complex problem there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.
For successful propaganda you need proper geese.
Fortress: a female fort.
Fortune tellers convention postponed due to unforeseen circumstances.
Forty-Two!
Free the Heinz 57.
Freeze Turkey!
Friends may come and friends may go but enemies accumulate.
Friends:  People who borrow my books and set wet glasses on them.
Friends:  People who know you well, but like you anyway.
From radar: Shanker in pursuit!!
Gag me with a spoon!
General notions are generally wrong.
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.
Genius is born, not paid.
Genius is patience.
Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.
Gentlemen, for your information, I have a question to ask you. -- Samuel Goldwyn
Geography is everywhere.
Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you. -- Mae West
Give sadists a fair crack of the whip.
Go ahead, make my day!
Go directly to jail.  Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.
God bless atheism.
God does not play dice with the universe.  -- Albert Einstein
God is dead.  Nietzsche.  NIETZSCHE IS DEAD.  GOD.
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.  -- Alfred Jarry
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
God may be dead but 50,000 social workers have taken his place.
God may be subtle, but he isn't plain mean.
God sends us meat, the devil sends us cooks -- Old Proverb
Good-nature and good sense are usually companions.
Government expands to fill the available revenue, and then some.
Grasshoppotamus:  A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. AE
Greatness is a transitory experience.  It is never consistent.
Guns aren't lawful;  Nooses give;  Gas smells awful;  You might as well live.
Guy Fawkes where are you now that we need you?
Halitosis is better than no breath at all.
Hamlet is just a bunch of quotations strung together.
Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.
Happiness is not what you experience but what you remember.
Happy New Year!
Hari-kiri takes some guts.
Hate the sin and love the sinner.  -- Mahatma Gandhi
Having a backbone is admirable - but don't forget your neck sticks out one end.
He does not believe that does not live according to his belief.
He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
He made no friend who never made a foe.
He that makes himself an ass must not take it ill if men ride him -- Proverb
He that maketh haste to be rich shall not be innocent.
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
He was a bold man that first ate an oyster.
He was like a cock who thought the sun had risen to hear him crow.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
He who dies with the most toys, wins.
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He who hates vices hates mankind.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
He who hestitates is bossed.
He who hestitates is sometimes saved.
He who invents adages to peruse takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
He who is still laughing hasn't yet heard the bad news.  -- Bertolt Brecht
He who laughs, lasts.
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
He who marries for money, better be nice to his wife.
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
He who throws dirt loses ground.
He who uses bad language is an ignorant schmuck.
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.  -- M. C. Escher
He's as famous as the unknown soldier.
Heisenberg might have been here.
Hell hath no fury like a vested interest masquerading as a moral principle.
Help!  I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
History does not repeat itself, historians merely repeat each other.
Home is where the television is.
Home is where, if you have no place to go, they gotta take you in.
Honesty is better than lying.
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul.
Hope: enjoyment of the future in advance.
Houston, Tranquillity Base here.  The Eagle has landed.  -- Neil Armstrong
How can I know what I think until I hear what I say?
How come there's only one Monopolies Commission?
How long is a minute depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
How many weeks are there in a light year?
How much sin can I get away with and still go to heaven?
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
How was Thomas J. Watson buried?  9 edge down.
How will I know if I'm enlightened?
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
How you look depends on where you go.
Humans are communications junkies.  We just can't get enough.  -- Alan Kay
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
Hypochondria is the one disease I haven't got.
I am a computer, dumber than any human and smarter than an administrator.
I am not a crook! -- Richard Millhouse Nixon 17-Nov-1973
I am not young enough to know everything.
I am, therefore I think.  Is this putting Descartes before the horse?
I bet I could stop gambling if I wanted to.
I bet you I could stop gambling.
I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.
I can resist everything except temptation.
I couldn't care less about apathy.
I didn't believe in reincarnation the last time either.
I don't believe in science fiction.
I don't make jokes-I just watch the government and report the facts.
I hate Illinois nazis.
I have a drinking problem - I can't afford it.
I have the simplest tastes.  I am always satisfied with the best.
I know a footballer who is so dumb he has to be naked to count to 21.
I like sadism, necrophilia and bestiality.  Am I flogging a dead horse?
I like work; it fascinates me.  I can sit and look at it for hours.
I like work; it fascinates me.  I can sit and look at it for hours.
I love my job; it's the work I can't stand.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning -- Apocalypse Now
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? -- Benjamin Disraeli
I must have slipped a disk; my pack hurts.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception. Groucho Marx.
I never met a carbohydrate I didn't like.
I never used to be able to finish anything, but now I
I paid too much for it - but it's worth it. -- Samuel Goldwyn
I put up my thumb... and it blotted out the planet Earth.  -- Neil Armstrong
I read part of it all the way through. -- Samuel Goldwyn
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent.
I think sex is better than logic but I can't prove it.
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
I think, therefore I am.  I think.
I think, therefore I'm not an MP.
I thought Borrocca was an Italian painter until I discovered Smirnoff.
I thought Fellatio was a character in Hamlet until I discovered Smirnoff.
I thought Panadol was Barbie Doll's sister until I discovered Smirnoff.
I thought Plato was a Greek washing-up liquid until I discovered Smirnoff.
I thought Plato was a Greek washing-up liquid.
I thought cirrhosis was a type of cloud until I discovered Smirnoff.
I thought cunnilingus was an Irish airline until I discovered Smirnoff.
I thought innuendo was an Italian suppository until I discovered Smirnoff.
I urge you to study our record and vote Labour.  William McMahon.
I used to be conceited but now I'm absolutely perfect.
I used to use cliches all the time but now I avoid them like the plague.
I want to achieve immortality through not dying.  -- Woody Allen
I want to live forever or die in the attempt.
I went to see my psychiatrist and he gave me some mental blocks to play with.
I will never lie to you.
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am now.
I would thou didst itch from head to foot and I had the scratching of thee -W.S.
I wouldn't be paranoid if people didn't pick on me.
I'd be a pessimist, but it wouldn't work anyway.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I'd like to drown my sorrows, but I can't get my boss to go near the water.
I'd like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
I'd rather be pissed off than pissed on.
I'd rather have a full bottle in front of me than a full frontal lobotomy.
I'm a Hollywood writer, so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
I'm in Pittsburgh.  Why am I here?  -- Harold Urey
I'm not as dumb as you look.
I've already told you more than I know.
I.B.M. aren't the competition.  They're the environment.
If God had intended Man to program, we'd be born with serial I/O ports.
If God had meant us to travel economy class, he would have made us narrower.
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
If I am great it is because I stand on the shoulders of giants.
If Superman is so smart why does he wear his underpants outside his trousers?
If a job's worth doing, the Japanese have probably already done it.
If a man could have half his wishes, he would double his troubles.
If a program is useful, it must be changed.
If a program is useless, it must be documented.
If all men were brothers, would you let your sister marry one?
If at first you don't succeed, have you considered becoming a personnel officer?
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If at first you don't succeed, so much for sky-diving.
If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
If everything seems to be going well, you obviously don't know what is going on.
If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If it wasn't for Venetian blinds it would be curtains for all of us.
If it works, don't fix it.  -- Sam Rayburn
If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.
If passion drives you, let reason hold the reins.
If people looked like their passport photos, very few nations would let them in.
If there were no clouds, we wouldn't enjoy the sun.
If they give you lined paper, write across 'em.
If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal.
If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.  -- John Sinclair
If whales are so damned clever why do they keep swimming near Japan?
If you are too busy to read, then you are too busy.
If you ask how much it is, you can't afford it.
If you can do joined up, real writing, you too can be a union leader.
If you can't baffle them with brains, befuddle them with bullshit.
If you can't tell the difference, there is no difference.
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.  -- Truman
If you give a woman an inch she'll park a car in it.
If you haven't time to do it right now, how will you redo it right later?
If you keep your mouth shut you'll never put your foot in it.
If you like sausage or law, never watch either being made.
If you never lie, you don't have to remember anything.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.  -- Maslow
If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.
If you seem to know what you are doing, you'll be given more to do.
If you suspect a person, don't employ him.
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
If you think your wife's jewellery is an investment, try selling a few pieces.
If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.
If you wish to please people, you must begin by understanding them.
If you're feeling good, don't worry, you'll get over it.
If you're happy, you're successful.
If you're not confused, you're misinformed.
If you're not part of the solution, you are definitely part of the problem!
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem.
If you've seen one redwood you've seen them all.  -- Ronald Reagan
If your English teacher were alive today, he'd turn in his grave. -- Sam Goldwyn
If your nose runs and your feet smell, you must be upside down.
Ignorance:  When you don't know anything, and someone else finds out.
Ignore previous fortune.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. -- Albert Einstein
Impeccable: having immunity to woodpeckers.
In God we trust; all else we walk through.
In Greek mythology, Herpes was the goddess of lip-service.
In any organization, everyone rises to the level of his own incompetence.
In defeat he was indomitable, in victory insufferable.
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
In order to get a loan, you must first prove you don't need one.
In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing. -- Alan Kay
In the beginning was the word.  And the word was Aardvark.
In the long run we are all dead.
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
Increased profits mean more work for everyone.
Inflation rates testify to the worldwide popularity of wishful thinking.
Information that is hard to access is worth less than none at all.
Innovation is hard to schedule.  -- Dan Fylstra
Institute:  An archaic school where football is not taught.
Integrity has no need for rules.
Ipsum Latine loqui regit, bene?
Irish cocktail : a pint of Guiness with a potato in it.
Irish seven-course dinner : a boiled potato and a six-pack.
Is 'ad hoc development' the same as 'odd hack development'?
Is a lady barrister without her briefs a solicitor?
Is it time for lunch yet?
Is there life before death?
Is this really happening?
It begins when you sink into his arms; and ends with your arms in his sink.
It has been a good day if you are still above ground at the end of it.
It is better to live rich than to die rich.
It is impossible to make things foolproof, because fools are so ingenious.
It is through the cracks in our brains that ecstasy creeps in.
It is true that liberty is precious - so precious it must be rationed.
It must have taken a lot of courage to discover that frog's legs are edible.
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
It takes 33 IBM CPU's to shift 1 bit left: 1 holds the bit, 32 move the register
It takes two to make a marriage: a girl and her mother.
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
It was as colourful as a black hole...
It was as dark as the inside of a cabinet minister....
It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca.
It's a lie.  I was never here.  Kilroy
It's a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
It's all in your mind, you know...
It's better to be pulled by the future than pushed by the past.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
It's better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
It's better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.
It's better to have loved and lost.  Much better.
It's better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
It's better to wear out than to rust out.
It's difficult to be depressed while you're doing something.
It's difficult to explain to a mouse that black cats are lucky.
It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.
It's difficult to soar like an eagle when you work with turkeys.
It's easier to apologize than to ask permission.  -- Stewart
It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It's easier to run down a hill than up one.
It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.  -- Washlesky
It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
It's hell to work for a nervous boss, especially if you're why he's nervous!
It's later than you think.
It's nice to be nice to the nice.  -- Frank Burns
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
It's not your age that matters, but how your matter ages.
It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?
It's the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
Its always darkest before daylight savings time.
James Bond rules OOK.
Jargon rules, ongoing agreement situation.
Jesus Saves - but Maradona scores on the rebound.
Jesus saves. Moses invests.
Jesus saves; Moses invests; Buddha pays dividends.
Join the Hernia Society.  It needs your support.
Join the Marines. Intervene in the country of your choice.
Join the army, meet interesting people, and kill them.
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
Journalists are born.  Why, nobody knows.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not all out to get you.
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
Just think - maybe the Joneses are trying to keep up with you.
Keep death off the roads.  Drive on the pavement.
Keep things as they are.  Vote for the Sado-Masochist Party.
Killing the dog will not cure the bite.
Kilroy was here.
Kiss your keyboard goodbye!
Know Thy User.
Knowing when to optimise is as important as knowing how.
Knowledge is better than ignorance.
LISP:  To call a spade a thpade.
LSD soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess reality.
Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.
Last one out, turn off the computer!
Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.
Laugh, and the world laughs with you; snore, and you snore alone.
Law may not change the heart; it can restrain the heartless.
Lay on Macduff. And damn'd be him that first cries 'Hold enough!'
Laziness is no good unless it is well carried out.
Lead me not into temptation. I can find it myself.
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.
Legalize telepathy.  - I knew you were going to say that.
Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let the machine do the dirty work.
Leveraging always beats prototyping.
Liar:  One who tells an unpleasant truth.
Liberal:  Someone too poor to be a capitalist and too rich to be a communist.
Life begins at the centrefold and expands outward.  -- Miss November, 1966
Life can be tragic - here today, here tomorrow.
Life is a game of bridge, and you've just been finessed.
Life is a hereditary disease.
Life is a sexually transmitted terminal disease.
Life is difficult because it is non-linear.
Life is just a bowl of toenails.
Life is just one damned thing after another.
Life is like a fountain... I'll tell you how when I figure it out.
Life is like a sewer... What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Life is like a shit sandwich - the more bread you have, the less shit you eat.
Life is the urge to ecstasy.
Life need not be a zero-sum game.
Life was a funny thing that happened to me on the way to the grave.
Life without caffeine is stimulating enough.
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Lions 7, Christians 0.
Little Red Riding Hood is a Russian contraceptive.
Little strokes fell great oaks.
Little white lies are for golfers.
Living in Blackwater is about as interesting as watching a plank warp.
Living in Melbourne is about as interesting as watching a plank warp.
Living in the past has one thing in its favour - it's cheap.
Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree, that smells AWFUL.
Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.
Long life is in store for you.
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying 'BOOGA, BOOGA!'
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies.
Love ceases to be a pleasure when it ceases to be a secret.
Love conquers all things except poverty and toothache.
Love is a many-gendered thing.
Love is blind but like is just too freaked out to see straight.
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Love thy neighbour, but be sure her husband is away.
Macho does not prove mucho.
Make input easy to proof read.
Make it right before you make it faster.
Make sure all variables are initialized before use.
Make sure comments and code agree.
Make sure your code 'does nothing' gracefully.
Make your M.P. work - don't re-elect him.
Man is a social animal.
Man is planned obsolescence.
Man is the measure of all things.  -- Protagoras
Man is the only animal that blushes.  Or needs to.
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?
Manuel rules, Oh - Que?
Manuel rules, Oh Que?
Many are called, few are chosen.  Fewer still get to do the choosing.
Many are called; few volunteer.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Many men fancy that what they experience they also understand.  Goethe.
Many pages make a thick book.
Many people are already working a 4 day week, but it takes them 5 days to do it.
Many people die of thirst but the Irish are born with one.
Many receive advice; few profit from it.
Many things can be preserved in alcohol.  Dignity is not one of them.
Marriage combines the maximum of temptation with the maximum of opportunity.
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?
Marriage is oceans of emotions surrounded by expanses of expenses.
Marriage: Longing for the peace of a double bed after the chaise longue.
Masochists demand a fair crack of the whip.
May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.
May you live all the days of your life.
May you live in interesting times.  -- Chinese curse
Mea culpa.
Mediocrity is excellence to the mediocre.
Meeting:  Gathering where the minutes are kept and the hours lost.  -- Gourd
Memories ... the good bits of the bad old days.
Memory should be the starting point of the present.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.
Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.
Merry Xmas!
Metallivore: Guy who eats screws and bolts.
Middle age is when wherever you go you take a jumper.
Middle age is when you burn the midnight oil around 9:00 pm.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Mistakes are oft the stepping stones to failure.
Modern man has lost the option of silence.
Modesty:  Being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.
Money can't buy happiness but it can certainly rent it for a couple of hours.
Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.
Money never made a fool of anybody; it only shows 'em up.
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
Monogamy leaves a lot to be desired.
Mr. Spock uses vulcanised rubbers.
Mrs. Murphy's Law: If it can go wrong it will, while HE'S out of town.
Mulier Est Hominum Confusio - Shakespeare's Othello
Murphy's best friend was a computer.
My Uncle died of asbestosis, it took six months to cremate the poor bugger.
My dog loves garlic. His bark is worse that his bite.
My greatest fear in life is that no-one will remember me after I'm dead. Anon.
My inferiority complex isn't as good as yours.
Neckties strangle clear thinking.  -- Lin Yutang
Never argue with a fool.  People might not know the difference.
Never buy from a rich salesman.  -- Goldenstern
Never descend to the ways of those above you -- George Mallaby
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with.
Never give an inch!
Never insult an alligator until you have crossed the river.
Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting.
Never let your studies interfere with your education.
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn.
Never trust anyone who says money is no object.
Never volunteer for anything.  -- Lackland
Never write software that anthropomorphizes the machine.
Never write software that patronizes the user.
New:  Different colour from previous model.
Nihilism means nothing to me.
Nil est carborundum illigetimi.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
No family should ever attempt a car trip if the children outnumber the windows.
No good deed goes unpunished.
No maintenance:  Impossible to fix.
No man goes before his time.  Unless, of course, the boss leaves early.
No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
No matter where you go, there you are.
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
No one gets into trouble without his own help.
No one understands anything that isn't funny.
No person should ever be expected to do anything for the first time.
No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.
No question is so difficult as that to which the answer is obvious.
No two persons ever read the same book.
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
Non Illegitemus Carborundum.  (Don't let the bastards wear you down.)
Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it.  -- Heisenberg
Northern Ireland has a problem for every solution.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Nostalgia just isn't what it used to be.
Not a shred of evidence exists in favour of the idea that life is serious.
Not enough is being done for the apathetic.
Not found.  (std$cp)
Nothing can be done in one trip.  -- Snider
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.
Nothing in life is to be feared.  It is only to be understood.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.  -- Weller
Nothing is so firmly believed as that of which we know least.
Nothing so needs reforming as other peoples habits.
Nothing you put in a banana split is as fattening as a spoon.
Now and then an innocent person is sent to the Legislature.
Nuclear waste fades your genes.
Nymphomaniac: a girl who trips you up and is under you before you hit the floor.
OK, so I'm cured of schizophrenia, but where am I now when I need me?
Objectivity is in the eyes of the beholder.
Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Occam's Razor: The principle of economy of hypothesis. William of Occam (1349?)
Oct. 31 - A programmer's Xmas.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Old doctors never die.  They just lose their patients.
Old fishermen never die.  They just smell that way.
Old genealogists never die.  They just lose their census.
Old informers never die.  They're just put out to grass.
Old lawyers never die.  They just lose their appeal.
Old plumbers never die.  They just go down the drain.
Old professors never die. They just lose their faculties.
Old programmers never die; they just branch to a new address.
Old teachers never die.  They just lose their class.
On a clear disk, you can seek forever.
On the whole I'd rather be in Philadelphia. -- W.C. Fields (Supposed epitaph)
Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it makes it worse.
One Bell System: it sometimes works.
One big pile is better than two little piles.  -- Arlo Guthrie
One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.
One more such victory, and we are lost.  -- Pyrrus
One of the times when silence annoys is when the car engine won't start.
One of these days is none of these days.
One of these days is none of these days.
One person tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
One person's error is another person's data.
One size fits all:  Doesn't fit anyone.
One thing men can't understand about women is how well women understand men.
One-legged girls are a pushover.
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.  -- Baba Ram Dass
Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.
Only the young die good.
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.
Our characters are the result of our conduct.  Aristotle
Our customer's paper work is profit.  Our own paper work is loss.
Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.
Outlaw marriage, and only outlaws will have in-laws.
Owing to lack of interest tomorrow has been cancelled.
PATHCAL ith the Wirth language. MODULA ith the thecond Wirth language.
PISS OFF! -- Neil (The young ones)
PL/I is for programmers who can't decide whether they want COBOL or FORTRAN.
Paradox: a truth standing on its head to attract attention.
Passwords, like underwear, should be changed regularly.
Pauca sed matura.  (Few but excellent.)  -- Gauss
Pavlov's dogs drool, OK?
Pedants rule, OK? Or more accurately, exhibit traits of traditional leadership.
People think love is an emotion.  Love is good sense.  -- Ken Kesey
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
People who throw kisses are hopelessly lazy.
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
Perforation is a rip-off.
Persuasion rules OK - just this once?
Philosophy:  Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Pictures worth a thousand words take ten thousand times as long to draw.
Pigeonholing is interesting only for pigeons.
Pity the poor egg: it only gets laid once.
Potassium Ethoxide rules, C2H5OK
Power corrupts - absolute power is even more fun.
Power is poison.
Predestination was doomed to failure from the start.
Prepare to meet thy God.  ( Evening dress optional )
Prior Planning Prevents Piss Poor Performance.
Procrastinate now!
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Procrastination will rule one day, O.K. ?
Professor:  One who talks in someone else's sleep.
Program halt at 4000(3)/2.
Programmers do it bit by bit.
Programming just with goto's is like swatting flies with a sledgehammer.
Progress is like a wheelbarrow - if you don't keep pushing it stops.
Promises are like babies: fun to make, but hell to deliver.
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Protect your software at all costs, all else is meat.
Pseudo-intellectual: one who knows what pseudo means.
Psychology: getting habits out of a rat.
Puritan:  Someone who is deathly afraid that someone somewhere is having fun.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
Quack!
Quark!  Quark!  Beware the quantum duck!
Quasimodo - that name rings a bell.
Quasimodo. That name rings a bell.
Queen Elizabeth rules UK.
Quit working and play for once!
Quoting one person is plagiarism. Quoting many is research.
Racial prejudice: a pigment of the imagination.
Random access is the optimum of the mass storages.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Real Programmers can't change a car tyre; that's a hardware problem.
Real Programmers have their car odometers turn immediately from 47777 to 50000.
Real programmers don't work 9 to 5. If seen at 9 am they've been here all night.
Real programmers use slow response time to catch up on some sleep.
Real programmers write graphics systems to avoid COBOL.
Real wealth can only increase.  -- R. Buckminster Fuller
Reality is for people who can't cope with drugs.
Reality is for people who can't deal with drugs.
Recursion: see Recursion.
Relief map: a set of directions showing how to get to the nearest outhouse.
Religion is man's attempt to communicate with the weather.
Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.
Remember that opportunity is a dare - not a door.
Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.  -- Hans Liepmann
Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
Remember:  10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.
Remorse is the period between one hangover and another.
Remorse is the period between one hangover and another. - Anonymous
Renault - the hatchback of Notre Dame.
Repartee is a duel fought with the points of jokes.  -- Max Eastman
Replace repetitive expressions by calls to a common function.
Resign now! Avoid the Christmas rush.
Reunite Gondwanaland!
Roget's Thesaurus dominates, regulates, rules, OK, all right, adequately.
Rooner spules, OK.
Rotten wood cannot be carved. -- Confucius (Analects, Book 5, Ch. 9)
Rugby is a game played by gentlemen with odd shaped balls.
Rugged:  Too heavy to lift.
Rush hour: that hour when the traffic is almost at a standstill.
STOP PRESS : Archduke Franz Ferdinand found alive.  First World War a mistake.
Safecracker: one without tuna on it.
Safeguard your health.  Don't sleep with any damp women.
Sailing is like standing under a cold shower tearing up hundred dollar bills.
Santa is a sham; Rudolph is a chamois.
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
Sausage rolls, OK?
Save energy - be apathetic.
Save energy:  Drive a smaller shell.
Save the trees! Cancel a COBOL print request today.
Save trees - eat a beaver!
Save trees - eat a beaver.
Save trees - take out a lumberjack!
Say it with flowers - Give her a Triffid.
Say it with flowers.  Give her a triffid.
Say no, then negotiate.  -- Helga
Sceptics, may or may not rule, O.K.
Schizophrenia rules, OK, OK?
Schrodinger rules the waves.
Scientists have reduced the number of calamities we can blame on God.
Scots rule, Och Aye?
Scotty, beam me up a double!
Self-made men can be glaring examples of unskilled labour.
Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing.
Shakespeare (Sheikh Speare) was an Arab -- Colonel Gadaffi
Sign on Antique Shop : Come in and buy what your grandmother threw away.
Sign on Chernobyl power station door: 'Gone Fission'
Sign on bank:  'FREE BOTTLE OF CHIVAS WITH EVERY MILLION-DOLLAR DEPOSIT.'
Silence is better than unmeaning words.
Silence is not always golden; sometimes it is yellow.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Skinheads have more hair than brains.
Slang:  Language that doffs its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work.
Smokers suck!
Smoking is a dying art!
Smoking is a health hazard.
Smoking kills!
Snobbery is the pride of those who are not sure of their position.
Snow White thought 7-up was a soft drink until she discovered Smirnoff.
Solicitor : A lady barrister without her briefs.
Some day my ship will come in, and with my luck I'll be at the airport.
Some days the only good things on TV are the vase and clock.
Some folks are wise, and some are otherwise.
Some grow with responsibility, others just swell.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Some men's heads are as easily blown away as their hats.
Some people are like blisters: they never appear until the work is done.
Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.
Sometimes it takes wisdom to stop beating your head against the wall.
Sometimes the message has to be blunt so you will see the point.
Space is to place as eternity is to time.  -- Joseph Joubert
Spanish punks rule, ole!
Specimen: an Italian astronaut.
Spiro Agnew is an anagram of 'Grow a penis'.
Spock:  We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
Stamp out flamenco dancing!
Stamp out quicksand.
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Standing on your dignity is a very insecure footing.
Sterility is hereditary.
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is just next to you.
Stop smoking or die. ... Die? That's the last thing I want to do!
Stop the world, I want to get off.
Streakers beware - your end is in sight.
Strong typing is for programmers with stiff keyboards.
Strong typing is for programmers with weak memories.
Structure too deep.
Sturgeon's Law:  Ninety percent of everything is crud.
Success has ruined many a good man.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Sudden prayers make God jump.
Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
Support your local taxidermist.  Get stuffed.
Suppose they gave a war and nobody came?
Sycophancy rules - if it's OK by you.
Synonyms govern, all right.
THINK!
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Take what you can use and let the rest go by.  -- Ken Kesey
Teach your child to hold his tongue; he'll learn to speak fast enough.
Television: a medium.  So called because it is neither rare nor well done.
Tell the truth, and so puzzle and confound your adversaries.
Testing proves the presence, not the absence of bugs. -- E. Djikstra
Thank God I'm an atheist.
Thank you for not smoking.
That must be wonderful!  I don't understand it at all.
That shoe fits him like a glove.
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.  -- Neil Armstrong
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. N Armstrong 20-Jul-69
The  world is flat - Class of 1491.
The AE35 unit will go 100% failure in 36 hours. -- HAL 9000
The Basic Law of Budgets:  You can only spend it once.
The Golden Rule: He who has the gold rules!'
The Golden Rule: He who has the gold, makes the rules.
The Liberal Party is the cream of society: thick and rich and full of clots.
The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
The Universe is populated by stable things.  -- Richard Dawkins
The absent are never without fault, nor the present without excuse.
The amateur is the one with all the answers.
The amount of sleep needed by the average person is ten minutes more.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
The average woman talks 50 per cent more than her husband listens.
The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.  -- Blair
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The best things in life are duty free.
The best-laid plans of mice and men are in the files SOMEWHERE.
The camel is a horse designed by a committee.
The computer is mightier than the pen, the sword, and usually, the programmer.
The cops are ALWAYS around when you DON'T want them.
The day will happen whether or not you get up.
The days of good English has went.
The decision doesn't have to be logical; it was unanimous.
The decision is maybe and that's final.
The directory is not empty. (DELETE)
The door is the key.
The early worm gets the late bird.
The easiest way to stay awake during an after-dinner speech is to deliver it.
The effort required to correct your course increases exponentially with time.
The end of labour is to gain leisure.
The ends justify the jeans.
The engines'll no take warp 10 for long captain!
The existence of a market does not guarantee the existence of a customer.
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.
The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.  -- Ehrlich
The first version always gets thrown away.
The following statement is not true...
The future isn't what it used to be.  (It never was.)
The golden age never was the present age.
The grass is always greener on the other fellow's grave.
The grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses.
The grass is always greener over the septic tank.
The grass is brown on both sides of the fence.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
The hangman let us down.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The jest loses its point when he who makes it is the first to laugh.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
The labourer is worthy of his hire.  -- Luke 10:7
The less time planning, the more time programming.
The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlamp of an oncoming train.
The longest day soon comes to an end.
The man who lives in the past, robs the present.
The meek shall inherit the Earth after we're done with it.
The meek shall inherit the Earth. (If that's okay with the rest of you?)
The meek shall inherit the Earth. It's just that some are meeker than others.
The money saved for a rainy day now buys a smaller umbrella.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible.
The narrower the mind, the broader the statement. -- Proctor Fyffe Cook
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many to choose from.
The one who says it can't be done should never interrupt the one doing it.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.
The only good government is a bad one in a hell of a fright.
The only job where you start at the top is digging a hole.
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
The only thing wrong with doing nothing is you never know when you're finished.
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.  -- Bohr
The other queue moves faster.
The person who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
The plural of spouse is spice.
The postman bringeth and the garbo taketh away.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The price of justice is eternal publicity.
The problem with government is it scratches where there ain't no itch.
The program is absolutely right; therefore, the computer must be wrong.
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
The race is not always to the swift... but that's the way to bet.  -- Runyon
The readiest and surest way to get rid of censure, is to correct ourselves.
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
The right to be left alone is indeed the beginning of all freedom.
The rising tide lifts all the boats.
The secret of being a bore is to tell everybody.
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that you've got it made.
The secret to success is constancy to purpose. -- Benjamin Disraeli
The shortest distance between two points is under repair.
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.
The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.
The squeaky wheel doesn't always get the oil. Sometimes it gets replaced.
The statesman shears the sheep, the politician skins them.
The surest way to make a monkey of a man is to quote him.
The team that learns together, stays together. (Peta Slade)
The time is right to make new friends.
The trouble with political jokes is they get elected.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
The true art of memory is the art of attention.  -- Samual Johnson
The universe is laughing behind your back.
The upper crust are just a bunch of crumbs sticking together.
The urgent always crowds out the important.
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
The wages of sin may be death, but the hours are good.
The welfare of the people is the ultimate law.
The wise person writes bomb-proof code.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!
The worst thing about being over the hill is forgetting when you were on top.
There are always at least two ways to program the same thing.
There are more horses' arses in this world than there are horses.
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.
There are no accidents whatsoever in the universe.  -- Baba Ram Dass
There are no answers, only cross-references.  -- Weiner
There are no uninteresting things, only uninterested people.
There are three sides to every argument: your side, my side and the right side.
There are two classes of travel: First class and with children.
There can never be a computer language in which you can't write a bad program.
There is a thin line between positive and wishful thinking.
There is always one more bug.
There is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.  -- Russell
There is nothing new except what has been forgotten.  -- Marie Antoinette
There never was a good war or a bad peace.
There seems no plan because it is all plan.  -- C. S. Lewis
There's a vas deferens between men and women.
There's a whole WORLD in a mud puddle!  -- Doug Clifford
There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.
There's no heavier burden than a great potential.
There's no problem which, when programmed just right, isn't more complicated.
There's no room in the drug world for amateurs.
There's no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
There's no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
There's no time like the pleasant.
There's one thing about baldness: it's neat.
There's only one thing that we learn from history - we never learn from history.
There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
These pills can't be habit-forming; I've been taking them for years.
They can conquer who believe they can.
They think I'm paranoid. They all talk about it behind my back.
They took some of the Van Goghs, most of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!
Things are more like they are now than they ever were before.  -- Eisenhower
This fortune is encrypted, get your decoder rings ready!
This fortune is inoperative.  Please try another.
This fortune soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess memory.
This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.
This insert has a protective coating.
This is a good time to punt work.
This screen intentionally left blank.
Those who aspire to a place in the sun must expect blisters.
Those who can, do.  Those who can't, teach.
Those who can, do.  Those who cannot, teach.  Those who cannot teach, HACK!
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
Those who talk don't know.  Those who don't talk, know.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time flies when you don't know what you're doing.
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.  -- Henry David Thoreau
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
To be rich is not the end, but only a change of worries.
To communicate is the beginning of understanding.  -- AT&T
To criticize the incompetent is easy; to criticize the competent is harder.
To do anything worthwhile you have to push limits.
To do nothing is the way to be nothing.
To err is human.  To forgive is not library policy.
To err is human.  To really foul things up requires a computer.
To err is human; to forgive is unusual.
To err is human; to really foul things up requires a Prime engineer.
To err is human; to really foul things up requires a computer.
To escape criticism - do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
To extend your limits, you must push them... and it often hurts.
To get a loan from a bank you have to first prove that you don't need one.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.  -- Thomas Edison
To iterate is human; to recurse, divine.
To know where you can find a thing is the chief part of learning.
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
To teach is to learn.
Today is a good day to bribe a high ranking public official.
Today is just not your day!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Today is the last day of the past of your life.
Tolkien is Hobbit-forming.
Tomorrow looks like a good day to sleep in.
Too clever is dumb.  -- Ogden Nash
Too much of a good thing is wonderful.
Too much perfume is counter seductive.
Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore!
Town planners do it with their eyes shut.
Travel broadens the mind. That's why aliens always have large heads.
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
True love is when imagination conquers intelligence.
Trust everybody - but cut the cards.
Truthful:  Dumb and illiterate.
Try not to let implementation details sneak into design documents.
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.
Two men look out through the same bars; one sees mud, and one the stars.
Two people in every one who works for the ABC is schizophrenic.
Two wrongs are only the beginning.  -- Kohn
Tyche: the Greek goddess of fortune.
Universal peace sounds ridiculous to the head of an average family.
Use GOTOs only to implement a fundamental structure.
Use IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE... to implement multi-way branches.
Use free-form input where possible.
Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale along a beach.
Utopia: 1987 wages, 1932 prices, 1910 taxes.
VD is nothing to clap about.
Vampires are a pain in the neck.
Van Roy's Law:  An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.
Vests are to suits as seat-belts are to cars.
Vidi, vici, veni .... Don Juan
Volcano:  A mountain with hiccups.
Vote Anarchist.
Want to hear a joke?  -  I'm from the government and I'm here to help you!
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
Watch out for off-by-one errors.
Watch out for the paranoids, they're out to get you.
Watch out or we will be overthrown by apathy. -- Jim Hacker MP, Yes Minister
Watership Down - you've read the book, you've seen the movie, now eat the pie.
We all are born mad.  Some remain so.....
We all have style, but few have class.
We are all worms.  But I do believe I am a glowworm.  -- Winston Churchill
We are anthill men upon an anthill world.  -- Ray Bradbury
We are as gods and might as well get good at it.  -- Whole Earth Catalog
We are at DEFCON 1, relax.
We are at DEFCON 2, it will be all right.
We are at DEFCON 3, start to worry!
We are at DEFCON 4, Save your buffers now!.
We are at DEFCON 5, World war three is upon us, go home.
We are cold to others only when we are dull in ourselves.
We are shaped ad fashioned by what we love.  -- Johann von Goethe
We are the people our parents warned us about.
We are the people our parents warned us about.
We are what we pretend to be.  -- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.
We can embody the truth, but we cannot know it.  -- Yates
We can't do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure.  -- Richard Nixon
We do not remember days; we remember moments.
We don't have problems we have challenges and with each comes an opportunity.
We don't know who discovered water, but we're certain it wasn't a fish.
We have all passed a lot of water since then. -- Samuel Goldwyn
We have met the enemy and he is us -- Walt Kelly, POGO.
We interrupt this fortune for an important announcement...
We learn from history that we do not learn anything from history.
We live behind our faces, while they front for us.
We need to make sure that everyone who has a job wants a job. -- George Bush
We'll have solar energy when the power companies develop a sunbeam meter.
We're all in the gutter, but some of us lie on our backs and look at the stars.
Wear the old coat and buy the new book.
What after all is a halo?  It's only one more thing to keep clean.
What awful irony is this?  We are as gods, but know it not.
What did the Irishman call his pet zebra?  Spot.
What did the White House & Macdonalds have in common? A clown called Ronald.
What excuses stand in your way?  How can you eliminate them?  -- Roger von Oech
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
What happens when you cut back the jungle?  It recedes.
What is a weed?  A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
What is better than presence of mind in an accident? Absence of body. (Punch)
What is moral is what you feel good after.
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
What is the use of money if you have to work for it.  -- George Bernard Shaw
What is this life if, full of care, we have no time to stand and stare?.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do it.
What one believes to be true either is true or becomes true.  -- John Lilly
What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?
What some people need is a kick in their can't.
What this country needs is a good five-cent microcomputer.
What this country needs is someone who knows what this country needs.
What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.  -- Wittgenstein
What we have to learn to do, we learn by doing. Aristotle -- Nicomachean Ethics
What's apathy?  I don't know, and I don't care.
When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad I'm better. -- Mae West
When all else fails, read the documentation.
When all is said and done, there is more said than done.
When choosing between two evils, I like to try the one I've never tried before.
When did a lawyer ever file a brief that was?
When guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.
When in doubt, lead trump.
When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
When the going gets tough, everyone leaves.  -- Lynch
When the need arises, anything within reach becomes a hammer.
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
When you're right, no one remembers. When you're wrong, no one forgets.
Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask 'Why?'.
Where there's a swill there's a sway.
Where there's a will there are five hundred relatives.
Where's the beef?
Whither atrophy?
Why be disagreeable, when with a little effort you can be impossible?
Why do Kiwis have 10 minute lunch breaks? You have to retrain them otherwise.
Why does a dentist ask you if it hurts only when you can't answer?
Why doesn't everybody leave everybody else the hell alone?  -- Jimmy Durante
Why is the King of Hearts the only one without a moustache?
Why only twelve disciples? Go out and get thousands. -- Samuel Goldwyn
Why should we do anything for Posterity? What's the bugger ever done for us?
William Tell, Jr. had headaches.
Willpower is the ability to eat ONE salted peanut.
Wine does not intoxicate men; men intoxicate themselves.
Wisdom is not knowing what to do now, but what to do next.
Wisdom is rarely found on the best-seller list.
With clothes the new are best; with friends the old are best.
With planning you can achieve milestones rather than millstones.
Women who seek equality with men lack ambition.
Women's libbers should be put behind bras.
Words are the voice of the heart.
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Work expands to fit the time available for its completion.
Work is the curse of the drinking class.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
Wurlitzer one for the money, two for the show.
Xerox invents it, Apple commercialises it, and I.B.M. makes money out of it.
Xerox never comes up with anything original.
Yesterday I couldn't spell computer programmer.  Now I are one.
Yesterday an egg, tomorrow a feather duster!
Yorick is a numb skull.
Yorick was a numb skull.
You always find what you're looking for in the last place you look.
You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.  -- Philip Whalen
You are going to have a new love affair.
You are never alone with a clone.
You are only what you are when no one is looking.
You are what you think others think you are.
You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.  -- Tim Leary
You can be sure you're getting old when you forget the name you wanted to drop.
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word.
You can lead a whore to culture, but you can't make her Prime Minister.
You can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.
You can rent this profound space for only $5 a week.
You can't tell a book by its movie.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.  -- Thoreau
You cannot strengthen the weak by weakening the strong.
You could be playing a video game instead.
You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.
You fill a much-needed gap.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.
You have an ambitious nature and just might make a name for yourself.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an ambitious nature and will make a name for yourself.
You have an ambitious nature and won't make a name for yourself.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
You might have mail.
You must lose a fly to catch a trout.
You now have Asian Flu.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
You'll find it all at Greeley Mall.  -- Radio advertisement
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
You're not paranoid if they're really after you...
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Your cheque is in the mail.
Your education begins where what is called your education is over.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Your laundry is ready.
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Your password has expired. Please choose another one.
Youth is the trustee of posterity.
Youth would be an ideal state if it occurred later in life. -- Lord Asquith
Zero Population Growth: Not having more than two kids with any one woman. -- GB
[WDDPBM Water detected on drive A:. Please bring mop.]
